[Keyboard] Add the Lagrange keyboard (#11374)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/lagrange/readme.md

# Lagrange

An ergonomic, split, concave keyboard, with convex thumb pads.  See the [project page](https://github.com/dpapavas/lagrange-keyboard) for more info.

![Lagrange](https://github.com/dpapavas/lagrange-keyboard/blob/master/doc/lagrange_keyboard.png?raw=true)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Dimitris Papavasiliou](https://github.com/dpapavas)
* Hardware Supported: Lagrange PCB Rev A
* Hardware Availability: See the build guide on the [project page](https://github.com/dpapavas/lagrange-keyboard).

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ```
> make handwired/lagrange:default
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make handwired/lagrange:default
```

> The above command will only compile the firmware.  To compile and flash in on step:
> 
> ```
> make handwired/lagrange:default:dfu
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make handwired/lagrange:default:flash
```
